hi everyone I'm getting the gastric
sleeve in three weeks and I just wanted
to tell you guys about what I've been
going through for the last approximately
a year since I booked it in but I've
been doing octave fast for the last two
weeks so I'm just going to talk about
how I've been going with that I'm going
to keep uploading videos hopefully every
couple of weeks so you guys can follow
me through my journey if you want to and
yes so I've been doing op de fast for
two weeks first three days I found
extremely difficult
my stomach was growling so much that
actually was I felt pretty sick I kept
my fluids up I tried to drink as much
water as I could to try and fill my
stomach up
I would have to say that my favorite
flavor is strawberry because hello I
just liked strawberry shakes and it kind
of tastes like one in my desperate brain
I have to imagine it tasting like one so
I'm okay with it at the moment I am I've
got banana celebrity slim which my
dietitian didn't recommend for me
because they're not made by doctor I
think they've got a little bit more
sugar and stuff in them but sometimes
I'm at that breaking point so I I do
have a banana one or a strawberry one
from celebrity soon because they're so
tasty and this so delicious and it's
sort of like having a whopper but not I
miss whoppers I have been some nights I
have like a cup of green veggies or the
veggies that I'm allowed to have but I'm
actually getting kind of thick at the
vegetables so I try and if I've got they
do soups with the opti fireside and make
up a soup and then I try and add some of
the vegetables to that for dinner just
to try and mix it up a bit but yeah I've
only got three weeks to go Anna and I
think I'll be able to get through it I
think I think I'll be fine if I've done
two weeks already I know I can do
another three now I'm already down it's
just under ten kilos in two weeks so
it's a it's a lot of way and I can see a
difference definitely and everyone else
can but I think when I first went into
the diet
I was extremely bloated and just very
unhealthy so in the first couple of days
it's sort of all the water attention
went away and I just dropped a lot of
weight in that time and then it's been
slowly over the last two weeks I've also
been having a block or a day because
I've lost loads of energy since starting
this opti fast
I'm just yeah I'm not my normal self and
I'm a but I feel happy but I'm not
coming across as happy people are trying
to cheer me up all the time but it's not
that I feel depressed or anything I just
don't have the energy I just it's
there's nothing there sometimes they'll
slip an orange in or an apple when I can
tell straight away that it's it's the
sugar in it that's just made me feel
like doing something feeling motivated
to move but I have been moving I've been
forcing myself to move I've been going
for a walk every day and just trying to
do things around the house to keep him
keep my energy levels going my dietician
said to me that any weight that I lose
before the surgery I don't have to put
on again I'm not going to put on again
so it actually sort of motivated me to
try and lose as much as I could from the
moment I saw her and I thought yeah why
not just get it started then instead of
waiting for the surgery so I'll keep
that going now my surgery is on the 30th
of September 2011 I have dr. John
Armstrong in Perth w-a he is from what I
know brilliant
I haven't heard anything bad about him
I've met him he's nice he's young I
don't know I just feel comfortable with
him and yet I'm confident with what he's
going to do so yeah that's it for now
um I'll upload another video in a couple
of weeks see if I've lost any more
weight I'll probably do a video from the
hospital just before I'm about to go in
any other information that I find out
from my doctor or my dietician or my an
ethicist who I'm seeing 3 days before my
surgery to talk about going under I get
extremely ill when I go under so I've
got to talk to me about that hopefully
will give me something apparently
you know how to be sick for a few weeks
afterwards in case you tear your staples
so I need to go through that with him
but yeah that seems like everything for
now and I will get back to you soon bye
guys